DAN: Things on Earth were going really well,
after the Bakugan came to live with us,
but then out of nowhere,
we were invaded by these mysterious and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything!
Coredegon,
Slycerak, Exostriker,
and Mandibor were their names,
and leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer,
so we fought back.
Because no one is gonna take our freedom!
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a You gotta give it your all
\u266a Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You've gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone This is Bakugan \u266a
(Chuckling evilly)
Whoa!
I don't believe it. Wiseman is...
Coredegon.
This just gets weirder and weirder.
You said it, pal!
The time has finally come
for me to fulfil my destiny!
(Gasping)
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Evil Evolution.\"
(Groaning)
(Grunting)
(Chattering)
(Groaning)
DRAGO: Dan, you have to throw me again.
It's too late for that. Say goodbye.
DRAGO: Dan!
Drago! (Straining)
(Chuckling evilly)
This is going to be...fun!
(Groaning)
Who dares?!
GLIDERAK: The pleasure of destroying Drago belongs to us!
We won't let you take that away.
I'll take more than that, you insolent fool!
(Groaning)
(Screaming)
(Laughing evilly)
Huh?
Sneaky rodents!
You won't get far!
(All panting)
Aww, man.
That was way too close for comfort, you guys.
MARUCHO: No kidding.
I still can't believe Wiseman is really Coredegon in disguise.
I guess in hindsight,
it makes perfect sense.
If you think about it,
whenever Coredegon was around,
Wiseman was never in sight.
But who would've figured a gigantor like that
would've shrank down to human size?
(Squawking)
DRAGO: Huh?
I wonder what's up with Reptak.
I can't believe I turned my back on my partner.
No, that's-- that's not true, you guys, no!
Come on, it's me here! You gotta believe me!
REPTAK: I should've believed him!
I've gotta fix this.
Reptak, hold on!
Where do you think you're going?
I've gotta go find Gunz!
Get out of my way, Drago!
I mean it!
DRAGO: Reptak, you need to calm down.
SENSEI: We need to stick together right now.
If we let out emotions splinter the team, we're all doomed.
Sensei's right.
You're being rash and impulsive.
If you really want to help Gunz--
ORBEUM: You'll help us take down Coredegon first.
(Grunting)
I just hate the thought of him out there by himself.
Don't worry, pal.
We're gonna get Gunz back, all right?
I promise.
(Thinking:)
REPTAK: Gunz, if it is really you, then let me ask you,
do you remember the oath that we swore to each other?
If you're Gunz, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.
Gunz!
I can only see bits of it.
Ugh, my brain's so fuzzy!
I just don't get it.
Why-- why can't I remember?
There are these giant blank spots in my memory.
I have no idea why!
Perhaps I could help with an explanation.
Huh?!
As you know...
COREDEGON'S VOICE: The Brawlers defeated us.
DAN: Attack!
COREDEGON'S VOICE: Once again, the Mechtogan were cast into the abyss.
Having been betrayed by the Nonets,
we had no Bakugan to act as our hosts,
so we were doomed to wander between the dimensions.
But still I swore vengeance against the Brawlers.
Escape seemed hopeless at best;
then I spotted you.
I could see your aura of hatred toward the Brawlers,
and I got an idea.
I would take that energy and repurpose it.
It was not only strong enough to keep me connected to your world,
but I could also use it as a cloak
in which to disguise myself.
And just like that, the Wiseman persona was born.
It's because the energy came from you
that I resemble you so closely.
But it seems that along with your looks,
I also took part of your memory.
So that's why my brain's like Swiss cheese
and I can't remember anything!
(Grunting)
It would be a grave mistake
for you to overestimate your current value to me, Gunz.
Don't get me wrong.
I appreciate you providing me with a vessel
for which to enact my vengeance,
but I won't allow you to get in my way.
COREDEGON'S VOICE: So...
(Gasping)
Be a good boy and cooperate, or else...
I'll be forced to do away with you for good.
I need out of here!
I can't stand it anymore!
Let me out!
Take it easy, Kodokor!
You're going to wind up hurting yourself!
What exactly is that out there?
STRONK: I'm not sure.
What do you think, Professor?
It's a portal of some sort.
(Grunting)
Wiseman!
Who do you think you are,
holding us here after we helped you?
Obviously, he's just been using us this whole time
to help with his complete resurrection!
Ha, it took you long enough to figure that out.
Too bad for you, it's too late for the truth
to be of any use to you.
Is that what happened to Balista?
He figured out your little secret too soon?
SPATTERIX: What did you do to him?
(Chuckling) Ah, Professor,
I can always count on you to be so perceptive.
COREDEGON'S VOICE: Unfortunately, I don't have time to sit and gloat.
I must get back to fulfilling my true destiny.
But in the meantime, I will leave you with a decision
to make regarding your fate.
BETADRON: What are you talking about?
As soon as I defeat the Brawlers,
I'm going to destroy the Earth.
You can stay here and be destroyed with it,
or you can return to the Doom Dimension
where you...
Can rot for eternity!
(Laughing evilly)
(Screaming)
COREDEGON: So, what's it going to be?
Quick and easy,
or long and miserable?
(Laughing evilly)
Whoa! What the...?
Look!
Up there, guys!
(Gasping)
Finally.
Let's crush some insects!
You said it!
Mandibor, Slicerak, Exostriker,
it's time to rid the universe of every last human and Bakugan
so that the Mechtogan may rise and rule,
as was written to be our destiny.
Are you ready?
You heard them, guys!
They're going all the way!
Let's smash 'em!
Bakugan Brawl!
Baku-Sky Raiders, jump!
Go, Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
Go, Haos Reptak!
Bakugan Brawl!
Baku-Sky Raider, jump!
Go, Ventus Jaakor!
Baku-Sky Raiders, jump!
Go, Darkus Skytruss!
Go, Darkus Orbeum!
On our own, we're tough...
But together, we're unstoppable!
BOTH: Prepare for a ninja takedown!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Oh, yeah!
MARUCHO: Go, Aquos Radizen!
I'm so ready to rock!
MARUCHO: Go, Subterra Roxtor!
No offense, dude,
but you've gotta work on your snappy one liners.
Bring it!
(Sighing)
Your arrogance makes me laugh!
Oh, yeah?
We'll see who's laughing when this is all over.
We're taking you all down.
(Laughing)
SLICERAK: The mouthy kid is mine!
EXOSTRIKER: Get in line, Slicerak!
MANDIBOR: Are we talking or are we fighting here?
Let the destruction begin!
DAN: Get ready, Thorak. We need you.
MARUCHO: Look sharp, Flytris. We can't lose this one!
Ability, activate!
Power Bonus!
(Cheering)
Sludge Leap!
(Grunting)
(Laughing evilly)
Whoa, not even a scratch!
Try this.
Ability, activate!
Ultimate Kazami Style - Rapid Fury!
(Grunting)
Is that really your best?
If so, this will be a short battle.
Not a chance!
Ability, activate!
Grapple Buster!
(Grunting)
Dragon Exploder!
EXOSTRIKER: Counter Attack!
COREDEGON: You got it!
(Gasping)
(Groaning)
(Screaming)
Whoa!
Aww, man. Nothing's working.
Hey, guys!
It's time to combine!
You heard him, Reptak!
Let's do it!
BOTH: Bakugan, unite!
Our turn, Jaakor!
This means you too, Skytruss and Orbeum!
JAAKOR: Bakugan, unite!
Combined ninjas, Herculean Power!
Roxtor! Radizen!
RADIZEN: Here we go!
Bakugan, fuse!
Aww, yeah!
Talk about a killer combo!
You know what this means, brothers.
Time to do our own combination.
These fools won't know what hit them.
COREDEGON: Positions, everyone!
Integrate!
Mechtavius Destroyer!
Say goodbye!
(Groaning)
Oh, man!
I'm dancing as fast as I can here!
Time to make like an ostrich!
Oh, snap!
I wish Gunz was here!
We could sure use an extra hand!
Hey, you creeps!
What did you do with Gunz?
Forget about him. He's ancient history now.
Just like you're going to be!
Huh?
(Laughing evilly)
Quick! You need to throw me!
Bakugan Brawl!
Baku-Sky Raider, jump!
(Growling)
Coredegon has deceived, double crossed and left us all to die!
But that doesn't mean we have to just sit back and take it!
And there's still that matter of Drago to settle.
Are you serious?
You still think we can take him down?
The burning desire to destroy Drago
is what fuelled us to break free of the Doom Dimension.
And it's what's going to free us from this place!
End of the line, Drago!
(Grunting)
Drago! Reptak!
(Screaming)
Shun, Marucho! We've gotta call out Mechtogan!
Right! Come on, let's do it!
Dragonoid Destroyer!
Bakugan Brawl!
Right on!
I am here to do your bidding, masters!
Join us, Thorak!
(Thorak yelling)
We need you, Flytris!
(Squawking)
I have come to fight on the side of all that is good
and defend my ninja brothers!
Likewise, I will destroy all evil doers who oppose my master!
Don't think for a second that we won't destroy
you traitorous Mechtogan, along with the rest!
(Growling)
(Grunting)
THORAK: Chain Dragon!
(Groaning)
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Don't forget about me!
(Grunting)
Yeah! Keep going!
United Ability, activate!
Supreme Jet Shot!
JAAKOR: We will vanquish you once again!
(Grunting)
Fusion Ability, activate!
Abyss Render!
Aww, yeah!
I love the swirly action!
(Groaning)
COREDEGON: You're all going to pay for that dearly.
No mercy!
Wha--
(Growling)
(Screaming)
(Gasping)
MUTABRID: But I don't understand, Betadron!
Without Wiseman, we're helpless!
We need a partner battler to do what you're talking about!
STRONK: Yeah!
You're all correct!
We do need a partner battler.
So how about it, Gunz?
Huh? Me?
Sure! Why not?
I don't know. It's just that, I would--
Get your own revenge for all that Wiseman and the Brawlers
have taken from you!
Yeah, right, we know!
You and Wiseman are the same guy!
COREDEGON'S VOICE: Do I...
Wha--
COREDEGON'S VOICE: Look familiar to you?
(Thinking:) You stole my identity, Wiseman,
so now I'm taking it back.
It's mine!
BETADRON: Well, isn't that interesting?
Your rage is so strong,
it's changed the colour of the suit to reflect your inner fire.
This has been interesting,
but it's time for me to say farewell.
What ? Why?
This is one battle I don't think we can win.
I don't relish the idea of an eternity in the Doom Dimension,
but it's preferable to being blown to smithereens.
Good luck.
Let's get back at it!
Right! You bet!
Attack!
Earth Revolver!
United Ability, activate!
Supreme Thunder!
JAAKOR: Lights out!
Fusion Ability, activate!
Terror Blue!
Open wide!
Unleash the Force Cannon next!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: You read my mind!
Universal...
Combine!
COREDEGON: What a truly pathetic display of your power.
Huh? How's that possible?
Now pay attention while I show the unmatched power
of a mutated Mechtogan in its fully resurrected form!
(Growling)
(Screaming)
Jaakor, Skytruss, Orbeum!
Roxtor, Radizen!
(Growling)
We're not gonna lose to those creeps!
Never!
We can still win this!
Go, Dragonoid Destroyer!
Hyper Cross Cannon!
Diabolical Energy Cannon!
Engage!
(Groaning)
(Yelling)
Drago!
(Gasping)
(Screaming)
DRAGO: That's some incredible power.
He's too strong.
SHUN: Dan!
MARUCHO: Drago!
(Chattering)
Hmm?
Clearly, we've come to the end of the line, Brawlers.
But strangely, I don't think I'll find satisfaction
with destroying you.
Hmm...
Oh no! This sounds bad!
Instead, I'll extend your suffering
by banishing you to the Doom Dimension!
VOICE: Bakugan Brawl!
Huh?
Is that...
Another Wiseman.
Gunz!
(Laughing evilly)
Playing dress up now, are we?
We're taking the Brawlers down, then you!
I doubt that very much.
(Roaring)
Huh? What?
What?
(Roaring)
(Gasping)
(Screaming)
Huh?!
DAN: Things were looking pretty bad during our last battle.
With Octavius destroyed, we had our whole teamed pinned down,
ready to destroy us, but instead, decided to banish us
to the Doom Dimension, and now that we're here,
I don't know how we're ever gonna get out.
Making things even crazier are the Nonets,
who are now being led by a new version of Wiseman,
or maybe it's Gunz.
We don't really know. It's insane.
All I know for sure is that we're in deep trouble.
Tune in and you'll see for yourself that we're up against
all kinds of deadly forces.
The hardest part of this battle is going to be figuring out
who we need to defeat first!
\u266a